[THEME MUSIC]
>> Today on Cosmic Disclosure,
we are with Randy Cramer who
claims to have participated in
a secret space program called
the Earth Defense Force.
Randy, welcome to the show.
>> Thanks for having me, Emery.
>> From your experience in
the Earth Defense Force,
what are avatars and what
way were you exposed to them?
>> So essentially, an
avatar is like in the movie.
It's a teleoperated drone.
So if I were to break
it down super simple,
if I go out to the
store and buy a drone,
I've got a control mechanism
and I have a remote drone
of which I'm controlling.
So in this case, we're
talking about the drone
being a biological
shell with a control
mechanism in the brain,
which is essentially
sending the same signals
from my brain to that brain
so the control mechanism,
the remote control
is my brain in a
teleoperation bed,
transmitting that signal to the
computer brain interface that
then controls the biological
drone in exactly the same way
that I would
control my own body.
>> How long does it take
to grow these drones?
>> Depends, but from
what I understand,
most clones or biological drones
can be grown in a rapid like
acceleration process that can
take less than 72 hours from
what I understand.
>> Now, are you feeling as
well the actions of the avatar,
such as if the avatar broke
his leg, do you feel that pain?
>> Yes, it's a two-way
sensory experience.
Meaning I am feeling the
sensory experience of the drone.
If the drone gets stabbed,
hit, burn, I feel that.
If it gets bone
broken, I feel that.
Now, nothing actually
happens to my physical body
but you feel the experience.
It still hurts, yeah.
>> Now, from what I have
gathered in the projects,
they have informed me that
it's not a direct line of sight
frequency.
It's somehow through
with infra-space,
where the messages
and the connection--
is it a conscious
connection or more
of an electrical scientific
frequency connection?
>> It's technological.
The cerebral interface
is a piece of hardware.
My understanding is that
it's used a sub-EMF frequency
or what is often referred
to as a subspace frequency.
So it's not using
what is we think
of as the normal
electromagnetic spectrum,
but it is using a
signal that can, yeah,
transmit for hundreds or
even thousands of miles.
So that you could be aboard a
ship, in orbit, teleoperating
a biological drone on
the surface of the planet
beneath you.
>> Now, could you actually
operate more than one?
>> Not me personally
that I have ever done.
I am to understand that
there are extraterrestrials
who use this same technology who
have the ability and the brain
power to control multiple
drones at the same time.
As the technology that we
originally saw from the Zetas
using it.
Often when they come to visit
or extract someone or abduct
someone, they're not
actually physically present.
They're teleoperating
a biological drone
and in some cases, they're able
to control five or six drones
at a time for one
cerebral consciousness.
>> Do these avatar drones
have a central nervous system?
Do they have a digestive system?
Do you have to eat while
you're in these avatars?
What's the lifespan of the body?
>> So they're basically a
clone, and so they have every
biological, neurobiological
function that a normal living
organism of that
species would have.
So yeah, central nervous system,
organs, digestive system.
You have to stay hydrated.
You may have to consume
protein or food depending
on how long you're
away for somewhere,
how long the mission is.
So yeah, they're like a body
that you have to maintain.
>> I've also heard that
sometimes when the drone is
killed and you're back in your
body that sometimes you have
a memory deficit that you
only remember maybe 20% or 30%
of what had happened.
Or sometimes you don't
recall the mission.
Is that true?
>> So there is a buffer.
That's interesting that
you would bring that up.
There is a buffer in
the cerebral interface
so that everything that's
happening in that brain
is being stored locally
in the drone that is then
getting transmitted
back to your body
as the data stream has
the allowable bandwidth
to be able to do that.
So it is possible to have
the body be damaged and find
yourself back in your own
body before the buffer has
had its chance to upload
back to your body.
And so you might miss some
gaps, what was just happening?
I remember something but--
I got my arm blown off,
but where was I again?
Yeah, it can be a
little confusing
if you have a
sudden break, cause
a sudden break with the drone.
You can come back and be
a little discombobulated.
Again, because there's
a memory buffer.
>> Can it also
cause PTSD later on?
>> Sure.
Yeah, absolutely.
>> Because it was an experience
that you actually experienced.
>> Oh, yeah, yeah, it qualifies
as actual real experience
for your own brain in your
own body because you are
experiencing a whole series
of memories and sensory inputs
that are real and legitimate
and get transferred back
to your brain.
If they don't get transferred
back to your brain, then yeah,
there can be some memory
shock and some PTSD issues
with not being able
to fully remember
a traumatic event which
is one of the reasons
why we get PTSD because
we repressed the memories
and not being able
to remember is
part of the thing that
traumatizes people, anyway.
>> I've also heard that
you can also be transferred
into the opposite
sex of a person.
Is that-- was that real?
>> Yeah, it doesn't matter what
the gender of the biological
drone is.
You can still be
teleoperating into that drone.
So yeah, gender is not an issue.
>> What about species?
>> Yeah, this is--
one of the main reasons
why we use this technology
is when we have to
interact with a system
where the atmosphere or gravity
is more hostile than is deemed
appropriate to use battle suit.
So especially in higher
gravity, planetary systems
with really toxic gases or
acid-oriented vapor clouds
and things that are perfectly
breathable and habitable
to the species that are
there which are hostile to us
and to our equipment,
it makes more sense
and it's more effective
to teleoperate
into that biological
extraterrestrial body
so that you're interacting with
the gravity and the environment
that that biology is
designed to interact with.
So you're not as hampered
by the gravity issues that
can hamper technology
or machine parts,
and you're not hampered
by gaseous acidic basic
interactions with
the materials that
also are more of a problem with
something that's technological.
If you're in the
biology of something
that's meant to be in that
environment, it's more durable.
>> How many interfaces have
you done during this avatar
program?
>> Oh, probably
more than a dozen.
>> And what type of
species were they?
>> A number of different types.
Some which I would have to
simply describe as stranger
than just about
anything I had ever
experienced until that time
at which I experienced it.
>> Would you say taking over
different species' body is like
maybe learning a new car and its
controls because I do realize
that the bodies are not the
same as far as digits, arm,
joint movements, you might have
an extra additional appendages,
or a tail.
Explain that.
Is that difficult
to learn right away?
>> It's tricky.
There's definitely
a training period
that you're going to
have to go through
if it's the first
time that you've
used that particular
biological drone form.
So we have the ability to set
up an obstacle course which
they can change the
gravity, can change
the breathable environment
to match whatever it needs to
for whatever biological being.
So for teleoperating something
that comes from a gravity,
planet that's 2.5G
and breathes methane,
and you can set up the obstacle
course for the gravity plating
to be pulling at 2.5G and mix
the gaseous environment to be
breathable, and then you would
run the obstacle course as many
times until you're given a pass
on the amount of time that you
can do it based on the
body that you're doing.
So oh yeah, you have
to relearn how to walk,
how to stabilize your
gravity, how your upper body,
lower body moves.
Depending on how many
fingers and toes you have
will affect how you grab
things, how you step.
Again, the gravity is an
interesting thing so even
in a body that's
designed to move in 2.5G,
it still feels weird
to move in 2.5G.
So it feels heavier
but you also feel
like you're in a
body that's stronger
but it doesn't even out to feel
the same as in this body in 1G.
So it is a different sensory
experience being in that body
and it takes some
training before you're
ready to be deployed
on a mission.
So we would spend
usually at least 50
or 60 hours of training time
before we would get deployed
in a new biological drone form.
If it was something we were
familiar with we'd still spend
a little bit of training time to
make sure that we were getting
a pass, go/no-go check off on
the box before we were ready
to be deployed.
But yeah, it's a
pretty weird experience
and that's coming
from someone who
had a lot of weird experiences.
>> Right.
Tell me a little bit
about the linguistics
because the vocal
cords are different
and also I have
heard that the eyes,
you might be seeing a lot
more different spectrums
than you're normally seeing.
I heard that you have to
go through special testing
and training just to do that.
Or do they have some
sort of vocal device
that allows you to
speak and understand
or you're just doing
a bunch of clicks?
>> So the cerebral interface,
because it's connected
to the physical drone body
in a way that it's designed
to interact with it,
it has a translator.
It essentially is taking
whatever information
from my brain into
the cerebral interface
and then translating that
so that there's a pretty
good language translator.
So I could think in English
and the biological body
would speak the language that
the physical body of that
species is prone to because
the cerebral interface has
the ability to
translate automatically.
Same thing with audio.
So I will hear someone
speak something
and then there is an immediate
translation which translates it
into English into what
I'm hearing in my brain.
And as far as senses
are concerned, yeah,
you might have eyes
that are seeing
different in the
electromagnetic spectrum.
So there is some adapting
time to smell, sight, hearing.
You might be hearing in
higher and lower registers.
You may have longer,
longsight vision.
And you may be seeing an
infrared, ultraviolet cosmic
radiation, X-rays, depending
on how that eyeball works.
And so you have to
kind of adapt to that.
It can be a little freaky.
I'm not sure how
else to say that.
It can be a little
freaky to all of a sudden
be seen and hearing all of
these other sounds and sights
that I wouldn't normally hear
with my ears and my eyeballs
that the biological drone
of that particular species
has maybe, again, a
larger range of vision
than the electromagnetic
spectrum.
So there's some
adapting to that but it
can be very interesting
to be hearing
higher and lower
register and seeing
outside the visible
light spectrum.
>> I also heard that you have
to train with special weapons
for that body somatic type
that fits for that body.
I've even heard
sometimes they're
somehow linked to the
body physically like
implanted into the body.
Is that true?
>> Sometimes.
Usually, if you're
going in the form
of a different
biological body, you're
going to want to use a
weapon that would be seen
in the hand of that creature.
So if you're on
another planet, you're
going to probably want
to have a weapon that
is used in that planetary
system instead of having a tar
and gun in an extraterrestrial
drone body that would make it
obvious that something's
not right here for a trained
eye in that culture where
you're going to want
it to be the same thing.
But because of some of the
hand-eye coordination issues,
yeah, sometimes there's some
hard wiring implants and things
that connect so
that you are getting
enhanced targeting, enhanced
shooting because even
with so many hours of
practice firing that weapon,
it's not going to be the same
as the number of thousands
of hours that I have
practicing with a railgun
or with a plasma gun.
So it's not going to
translate quite the same.
It's going to be putting the
weapon into my hand, that's not
going to have the number
of hours of experience,
and isn't going to have the
same accuracy that I do.
So putting in some enhanced
technological interface
to get higher accuracy
is totally a thing.
>> And who is utilizing
this type of technology?
>> The most advanced military
units within covert military
space program activities.
This was not a technology
that I got anywhere near
until I was in a
special forces unit
aboard the Farragut which is
a special forces operation
deployment vehicle that
has some of the most
advanced technology, some
of the most highly trained
and experienced special
forces operatives
to use in some really
interesting theaters of war.
So it was some of the most
advanced technology, tools,
weaponry that I'd ever
seen or ever used.
So I'm presuming
from that that--
and not getting to use this
in other stages of my career
as I was moving towards
that, it's just not something
that everybody gets.
It's an isolated
technology that has only--
we only have so
much access to and
because of the specialization
of the use and application
of that technology,
it's not something
that is used fleet-wide
or military branch wide.
It's very specific to certain
teams, certain vessels,
certain special forces units.
>> When mission command contacts
you with your orders, Randy,
do they--
like what determines if they're
going to send this 3D Randy
or we're going to put him
in an avatar for this?
Who makes that decision and why?
What would be the deciding
factors for that mission?
>> Tactical officers would be
the ones who would be making
those decisions, and those
decisions are going to be based
on a kind of bean counting
over risk and reward,
and what's the risk of sending
my personal body in a battle
suit versus what's the
risk factor of sending
a teleoperated drone
with me controlling it,
how far is the range.
If the range is
too far, we're not
going to be able to get close
enough that may eliminate
the possibility of being able
to use a teleoperatable drone
or require that we get
closer in order to be
used to teleoperatable drone.
So gravity,
atmosphere, the species
that we're assisting or
engaging with as an enemy,
those are all factors
that are going to work in
and some tactical
officer bean counter
is going to sit there with some
other guys checking off boxes,
doing some math.
And somewhere down at
the end of the page,
they're going to
go, well, it looks
like it's the most effective,
efficient thing for us
to do this.
And then that's the
decision process.
So it's way out of my
decision making process.
I just get pulled--
do this, get in that, do
that, kill that, rescue that,
do that, thank you.
>> Why wouldn't they use
more AI robots and cyborgs?
Why would they choose a
drone avatar over that?
>> Well, it's because certain
technology continues to have
hackable applications.
So if you use a robot or
an AI cyborg of some kind,
the minute that someone hacks
your AI robot or cyborg,
they can turn it against you.
So it's way more
difficult to turn my brain
against the people that
I work for than it would
be an AI or a cyborg unit.
>> Well, it makes total sense.
So where do you see
the future in terms
of like these avatar programs?
>> Well as far as covert
military space program
activities are concerned, we're
going to continue to use them
wherever it's deemed that we
should use them or it's best
to use them.
I think as far as
the technology,
that's going to trickle down
into terrestrial branches.
It's going to be one
of the last things
that we see trickle down
from the covert space program
to the less than
covert space program
and military activities.
So I think eventually,
we'll see it.
But it's going to be one of the
last things that trickle down.
>> So in what situations would
these avatar bodies be utilized
for?
Who is using this ability
and making those decisions?
>> Well, like I said, tactical
officers end up making
the decision and the
circumstance is going to be
mostly determined by what
the hostility or threat level
to using current technology,
battle suit technology,
or our own biological
bodies is concerned.
So if we're talking about a
situation where you're talking
anywhere from 0.5G's to 1.5G's,
and oxygen or mostly nitrogen
CO2, non-toxic non-acidic
non too basic sort of pH,
that's going to be likely where
it's going to be me in a battle
suit.
If it's really hostile, gaseous,
breathable environments,
highly acidic or highly basic,
or higher gravity than 1.5,
that increases the
chances that you're going
to use a biological drone.
Now, there also may be
some question of stealth.
So obviously, the minute that
I show up in a battle suit,
you know that a Terran has
shown up in a battle suit.
If I'm teleoperating
a biological drone,
you may have some
cloak of no one
being able to tell that you're
anything other than whatever
that biological
species is before you
do something like shoot
someone or blow something up.
So there may be some
issues of stealth
but it mostly has to do
with gaseous environments
and gravity.
And when you get above
gravity, above 1.5G,
and you get into toxic
environments where the acid
or the basic pH of the
gases is going to do harm
to the technology, to the
parts and the moving parts
of the suit, or start eating
through the suit itself,
then they start doing the
calculation of whether or not
it's worth it to
use an avatar drone.
>> In your experience, Randy,
have you ever seen them use
this technology with
animals or mammals?
>> Yeah, it's totally
possible to use a animal clone
biological drone as well.
My understanding is some
of the early experiments
were used on gorillas, big
cats, and even elephants.
And that soldiers
who were using them
were teleoperating in big
cat bodies, gorilla bodies,
or elephant bodies because
they were terrestrial mammals
that there was a
close enough of a link
to be able to figure out how to
connect the cerebral interface
into an elephant's brain
before we could figure out
how to connect that
cerebral interface
into a biological drone
of another species.
Does that make sense?
>> Oh, absolutely.
>> Yeah, it was way--
baby steps.
It was baby steps to
use terrestrial animals
in the early stages
of developing
the technology because
that was easier
and you could get
more clear data
that you would
need to then apply
for the advanced technology into
another extraterrestrial body
of some kind.
>> Are they using this
technology here in the civilian
world on planet Earth?
>> Not as such we as Terrans
in the space program are not
supposed to use it on other
Terrans or here on planet
Earth.
However, this is technology
we got from extraterrestrials
who first brought it to us by
coming here and teleoperating
human biological drones so that
they didn't have to interact
with our environment
biologically, the atmosphere,
and the gravity, and so forth.
So from the same
exact way that we
use this technology with
other biological drones
and other beings
on other planets,
other species have
been doing that here
with Terran biological
drones for millennia.
>> Is there an example you
can give us on that and maybe
an agenda to follow up with?
>> I'm not sure if I could give
a specific example other than
that we know for some, again,
probably thousands of years,
this is a technology that
they've used so that they can
interact as seamlessly
as possible with us.
Mostly, the agenda is
to observe and report.
So most of the time when you
want to interact seamlessly,
it's so that you can
gather information,
communicate, and
take that information
without walking down the street
as an obvious extraterrestrial
being that would get lots
of, oh my god, what is that?
So instead of that happening,
they can walk down the street
and you just think
that's another person.
My understanding is that's
been happening for a while.
And I have had people say to
me, oh, I ran into this guy
one time.
His eyes were doing this thing
and he was behaving like this.
Could that have been an alien
teleoperating in a human body?
In some cases, I've had to
say, yeah, could have been.
I mean, I couldn't say whether
that's a yes or a no based
on the information
you're giving me
but you've given me information
that could be, yeah.
>> Are there any secrets or
classified information you
could tell the audience and
myself how to pick one of these
out if they were?
>> Sure.
The number one thing
is that the giveaway
is going to be in the
eyes because they just
look differently.
As a trained observer,
there are things
that I would know to
look for and that I
would know to recognize
that I'm not sure
how to describe, other than
to say that they are qualities
that you might not normally
recognize when you're looking
at people's eyes because
you look at people's eyes
and they're like
that all the time.
And that if you saw something
that was out of character
for that, you might
not recognize it
as something that's
out of character
and you may write it
off as like guys just
got weird eyes or maybe
he's got an eye infection
or maybe he's blind in
that one eye or who knows.
But there are certain things
that, as a trained observer,
I would look for that
have to do with what's
happening with the eyes.
But the other thing is
clothing and behavior.
So it's interesting to see a
species dress and act in a way
that they think is the way that
a Terran dresses and behaves
but isn't necessarily the way
in which we dress and behave.
Now, that's not to say that
every single person who's
dressed weird and behaves
weird is an alien.
As a professional observer,
those are the characteristics
that I would be looking for
if I was trying to spot one.
>> I also noticed with these
beings a very slight delay
in facial movements,
eye movements,
and even answering questions.
Just slightly.
>> That's the buffer in the
cerebral interface, yeah.
There can be just a half a
second to a second sometimes,
so like a delay in a
satellite camera delay.
If you were saying
something to me
and I'm actually
teleoperating from--
>> It's hard to pick up.
>> --10,000 miles up, there
could be just a slight delay
in the transmission
that could cause, again,
that just slight delay in
talking or facial movement.
Something might move
quickly to my right
and it might take me just
to half a second before I
track that, depending on
how smooth the technology
in the buffer is.
>> I wonder if a avatar could
biologically fly an organic
craft that's made
from the same DNA.
>> In theory, yeah.
>> I mean It would make sense.
>> Yeah, there were certain
extraterrestrial craft that can
only be flown by a pilot that
matches the biological pattern
that can sit-in
the pilot's seat.
If you're teleoperating
a drone, then yeah,
you can sit-in the pilot's
seat and fly that craft
because then you're
matching the genetic profile
that the ship requires.
>> Is it possible for an
extraterrestrial to be
kidnapped, taken
to a laboratory,
and then outfitted with
this cerebral circuitry,
and then a handler like
yourself take over that body?
>> It's feasible.
I would say that that's within
the brackets of possibility
which always comes into the
interesting ethical and moral
questions of whether you
should do something like that,
or if you did, whether
you're crossing
a certain ethical or
moral boundary line.
>> Because this is
not a grown clone now.
We're talking about
taking someone,
you racing them,
attaching the unit,
and then taking over that.
>> Yeah, which is why I said
that represents definitely
a more ethical, moral
quandary problem.
But as we know, that isn't
necessarily something
that stops people from
applying certain technologies.
So again, saying that
that's within the brackets
of possibility, I would
go probably also as far
to say that that's been done.
Fingers crossed,
let's hope that's not
done very often from an
ethical and moral perspective,
but it could be done,
probably has been done,
and unless there were
stronger oversights and laws
against such things, could be
applied that way by anyone who
had access to the technology.
>> Well, Randy, thank you so
much for being on the show.
It's always a pleasure.
>> Thank you so
much for having me.
It's always a
pleasure to be here.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]